Mexico City time
nobody imagined that this salt desert would become one of the largest urban areas in the metropolitan area of Mexico City
from the late 40s family groups began to settle in one cup of dried Lake Texcoco
against all environmental logic, over time this was already a town with fractionated land
desiccation of Lake Texcoco had begun since colonial times
along this body of salt water began arriving families and the 50 would form the first 13 colonies called glass texcoco
the inhabitants of the Eastern border had formed 33 colonies with 1 million 600 thousand inhabitants
quarrels arose between settlers and landowners that emerged as spontaneously as hundreds of houses lamina
attracted the cameras of Gustavo Alatriste 1969
the testimonies of the settlers and customs boxes that are portrayed here, are revealing
"before the federal district lived in the street in front of the Goya film carmen"
And why you came over here?
"Because that wanted a piece of land, because I wanted to not pay rent"
desert of salt that remained after the drying of Lake Texcoco is the origin of Nezahualcoyotl
a city that reaches the half-century and still growing
Welcome to Mexico City in time
the urban area adopted the name Nezahualcoyotl called "Poet King"
who placed one albarradon to separate freshwater and brackish immortalized in this statue at the center of the Square of the avenues and Lopez Mateos Pantitlan
Nezahualcoyotl this monumental coyote accompanied by Sebastian, who came to Neza recently
could be said that this cross is the heart of this town first
there still remain some copies of "chimecos" the guajoloteros trucks that arrived from the historic center to Chimalhuacan
agglomerations are also emblematic of the entity on this side of the city
Statue of Adolfo Lopez Mateos welcomes visitors arriving in Neza one of its main avenues
the town remained established April 23, 1963 but customs were born long before as witnessed these pictures from outdoor Mass
where later the church of "La Lupita" it would build
as a result of neighborhood organization instensa in the 70s the government intervened with public works such as paving and lighting
the east is poblo tractors and hundreds of workers, a program of regeneration was created and so emerged the first housing units
public squares and gardens were created and also health centers, schools and markets rose
Nezahualcoyotl is also a football town, it suitable for creating their own stadium but has long played in the plains
The stadium was built in 1981 and was re-inaugurated as Neza 86 World Cup soccer
addition to the glories of the 1986 World Cup, the stadium was the scene of the last great game of Toros Neza has since been abandoned but not so the hobby football
in 1945 he began to throw trash in a vacant city land of considerable size
so the national Board of Xochiaca immediately came to live where families eventually would form colonies around
three sections of this strip stopped operating as open dumps and instead a commercial, recreational and ecological square was erected
Bicentennial Garden City (very near where I live)
however, a wide swath of the Board remains an active landfill is around is also known as criminal Neza Board
Since entering the service of the municipality in January 1964
City Hall was promoting the results of current and future public works
to show that modernity had finally reached Nezahualcoyotl presentations were organized and small shows with artists of the time as Beto "apothecary" entertainment to the people who in the 70s
the head of the municipality is the affectionate nickname mpuso "Neza York"
as if it were a separate city, Neza has its own urban tribes and was one of the cradles of the "punks" Mexican
Neza York currently live more than a million souls and most crosses every day to the capital to work
this story of progress also made ​​his mark in the history of our country
Neza York lights are distinguished from the rest of the metropolitan area by the simple lines of its streets, all leading to somewhere
see you at the next capsule Mexico City time